very good guys welcome a new
video in excavations of the solution to
problem of the button and the playstation 4
that expels us the you to me has
last the truth that scared me enough
and the solution is the following you remove the
rubber that behind that under the
eject the discs button as is a
brush small brush that is already
used and there is not no need for it
cleanliness and well give it strong you have to
clean the eject button correctly
discs and the power button then
country a cloth likewise the ibis
cleaning below by the button by
inside everything as much as they can clean
that button that surely is for the
dirt for what happens now we keep
a while the button the finger on the button
so that it expels the energy that it contains
the button we keep there the finger as
You see in the video how I am
maintaining and once maintained then what
that we have to catch tape tape
black valcke rubber insulation nice
because if you take an insulating tape
white and your console has reached
to fall a little uglier and if we do not go and
our console is white so put
interesting white is worth it there we go
to put a little piece of tape in the
console cost me a little bit to take out
this little thing there we see how she cut a
typical one strip of insulating tape
black and the problem with this is
practically for society and with this
is going to solve the problem
definitive and good if you have when
when you expose that problem if you have
pulled the cord and not straight in
the cable as it could damage your
good console if we put on the tape
insulator and would already be practically already
everything would be perfect only now
keep
let's go how it looks is not noticeable almost
from the tape
and it's pretty soft now
we keep the button finger on
all this is with the console disconnected
ok we keep it in a little bit
so that the dirt is removed and good that
it's okay it likes to comment
and to other areas